# Discord bot template
This is a simple template for a discord bot.

**important things to note**.
To setup, you will need to go to [this link](https://www.python.org/downloads/) and download the latest version of python. After that, open command prompt by doing windows + r and typing in cmd, then pressing enter. Once your in command prompt, you will need to install thge neccassary modules. Do pip install discord and pip install discord.ext. After that, go to [this link](https://discord.com/developers/applications) and press the new application button at the top right. Name the appliaction whatever you want. Then on the left hand bar go to bot and press add bot. For the name section choose whatever you want your bot to be called. Then scroll down and tick presence intent, server members intent and message content intent. Then go to oAuth2 on the left bar, and press url generator. on the scopes section tick bot and scroll down. You will see a bot permissions section. Tick whatever you want your bot to be able to do then scroll down to the bottom and copy the url. Open it on a new tab and add it to your server. Now you will need to download an IDE(Integrated development enviroment) I suggest VSC(Visual studio code). Go to [this link](https://code.visualstudio.com/Download) and download for whatever device you're using. Then open visual studio code. Once you have visual studio code open, go to the topright and press file then press open folder and find the folder you want your project to be in. Then go under the explorer tab and hover over your folder name. Press ther new file button and name the file main.py. Then, go back to the discord developer portal and press bot and press the reset token button. The bot's token is essentionaly the bot's password so do not share it with others. The token will be needed to run your bot. Last but not least, copy the code from my main.py. 

Once your done with writing the code, just press F5 to run your bot. Once in the terminal it says Bot is ready, you will see your bot is online and if you do !ping, the bot will respond with pong.
